---
id: introduction
sidebar_label: Introduction
title: Introduction
---

GINAR is a decentralized random number generator service that is built on top of blockchain technology to provide a source for true random numbers for multiple applications. By tapping into blockchain, GINAR is poised to be the pioneer as a random number generator decentralized service which offers true, fair and transparent random numbers. GINAR aims to replace the dependency of pseudo random numbers with true random numbers. The concept is to utilize the cryptographic nature of blockchain to derive randomness and generate true random numbers, which are transparent and traceable through GINAR.

GINAR creates an innovative high-speed pseudo Random Number Generator that is indistinguishable from numbers generated by random chance, but also immutable by using a Blockchain based ledger. It provides a decentralized solution for a multitude of real-world applications in B2B & B2C premises. This will be a dramatic advancement into the future for gambling, banking and other markets.


## Benefits for Individuals & Businesses

-	Delivers high quality dRNG services using full random based on blockchain technology
-	Lower total cost from eliminating expensive auditing procedures and anti-hacking systems
-	Supplies fast throughput for commercial applications with millions random number per second
-	Seamless integration without modification needed for architect & devices
-	Unpredictability - No one can determine the outcome until the generation process is completed and then revealed
-	Verifiability – Allows everyone to verify the random generation process
-	High Security based on crypto-systems


## Industry Applications

-	Online Gambling / Casino / Lottery
-	Banking / Financial Institutions
-	Blockchain Developer Community
-	AI, Machine Learning
-	Internet of Things (IoT)



GINAR’s solution can be used for any B2B or B2C segment that requires a true, fair, secure, and verifiable random number for its business activities, thus increasing the trust and commitment from their clients. 

**GINAR is offering solution pricing packages for all of your business needs, big or small.** 
